room0  2 east down
room1  3 east west down
room2  3 east west down
room3  2 west down
room4  2 east down
room5  2 east west
room6  2 west down
room7  3 east up down
room8  4 east west up down
room9  2 west up
room10 2 up down
room11 2 up down
room12 2 east down
room13 2 west up
room14 3 east up down
room15 4 east west up down
room16 2 east west
room17 4 east west up down
room18 3 east west up
room19 4 east west up down
room20 1 west
room21 2 east up
room22 4 east west up down
room23 2 west down
room24 3 east up down
room25 2 east west
room26 3 east west up
room27 2 west down
room28 2 east down
room29 2 west up
room30 3 east up down
room31 3 east west up
room32 2 west down
room33 1 down
room34 2 up down
room35 2 east up
room36 3 east west down
room37 4 east west up down
room38 2 west down
room39 2 up down
room40 3 east up down
room41 2 west up
room42 1 east
room43 2 west up
room44 2 east up
lobby  3 east west up
room46 3 east west up
room47 3 east west up
room48 1 west